c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.exe.config
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.exe
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.pdb
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.Shared.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Validation.dll
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.Shared.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Validation.xml
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\obj\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\obj\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\obj\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.exe
c:\users\paulfo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\obj\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.pdb
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.exe.config
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.exe
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.pdb
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.Shared.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Validation.dll
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.Shared.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.BCrypt.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.NCrypt.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\bin\Debug\Validation.xml
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\obj\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\obj\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\obj\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.exe
C:\Users\paulfo\Documents\GitHub\IoTHubFirmwareUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\TriggerFWUpdate\obj\Debug\TriggerFWUpdate.pdb
